But...
If this was going to happen, it'd have
been better if you had stayed distant!
If you had...
I wouldn't have realized my feelings for you,
or been pained by those feelings
after learning about Asuna-san...
I wouldn't have tried to forget about you
by falling in love with Kirito-kun, either!
I'm sorry.
Just... leave me alone.
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
Seeking but a miracle,
kiseki dake wo motome
I wander in the unrelenting darkness
kienai yami wo samayou
If I remain here, I'll only be trapped in the present.
doko ni ireba nidoto mirai miru koto dekinai
The moon beckons again tonight,
koyoi mo tsuki ga sasotte
and while I still can't voice my feelings,
mada kotoba dasenai kedo
I continue to scream inside my heart.
kokoro no naka sakebitsuzuketa
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
If only I could have become a little bit stronger,
ato honno sukoshi dake tsuyoku nareta nara
I would have flown far above these skies
me no mae ni aru kono sora koete yuku kara
and reached out to the future beyond here.
kono saki ni aru mirai ni te wo nobasu kara
Ever since that time,
I couldn't really understand my
relationships, even within my family.
The fact that I wasn't actually a child of this family—
I realized this when I was ten.
"Who is she really?"
"Do I really know her?"
Maybe those unsettling feelings were one
of the reasons I turned to online games.
A fabricated world where nobody
truly knows one another.
I indulged in the comfort of that world.
But the two years I spent in SAO
allowed me to discover a single truth.
There's essentially no difference between
a real world and a virtual world.
It's pointless to question who someone really is.
All you can do is believe and accept.
Because the way you perceive
someone defines their true self.
When I returned to the real world,
I saw Sugu and was truly glad.
I swore to myself
that I would close the gap that had grown
between us over the past few years.
However, I...
What I can do for Sugu?
Sugu.
I'll be waiting for you at the northern terrace of Alne.
Despite all of the horrible things I said...
You're so strong, Onii-chan.
I can't be as strong as you.
Back then, I told you to keep trying,
that you can't give up.
But now...I'm the one that's crying.
Still, what should I say...?
Leafa-chan!
Jeez, I've been looking everywhere for you, Leafa-chan.
R-Recon?
Weren't you held captive by the Salamanders?
I poisoned them all and escaped.
Poisoned?
And then, I came looking for you.
Wait...
So, where's that Spriggan?
Well...
You see, I said something terrible to him.
Something I really shouldn't have.
I'm such an idiot.
Sorry if I weirded you out just now.
I won't be seeing him anymore.
Let's go back to Swilvane.
Leafa-chan...
Leafa-chan!
Leafa-chan, you can't cry!
Wh-What?
The Leafa-chan I know should always be smiling!
I... I'll always be beside you!
Whether it's in the real world or
here, I'll never let you be alone!
Hey—
I-I... Leafa-chan...
Suguha-chan, I like you!
Um...
Wait! What do you think you're doing?!
A-Are you okay?
That's weird.
At this point, I thought it all depended on
whether or not I had the courage to confess.
You're a real idiot, aren't you?
Maybe I should learn a thing or two from you.
Hey.
Sorry for the wait.
Sugu—
Onii-chan, let's have a duel.
To finish what we started.
This time, there's no holding back.
No wonder he looked so confident back then.
Here I come!
Why?
How come?
I wanted to apologize to you,
but I didn't know what to say.
So I thought I'd do so by letting you strike me.
Really?
I'm sorry.
Me, too.
I haven't really returned from that world yet.
It's still not over.
Until she opens her eyes, that world is my reality.
So...
I don't know what to think of you yet.
I'll be waiting.
For the time you finally come back home from that world.
Until then, let me help you!
Um...
Wh-What's going on?
We're going to clear Yggdrasil.
With the three of us: him, you, and me.
I-I see.
Wh-What?!
Yui, you there?
What is it, Papa?
Did you figure anything out during
that fight with the guardians?
In terms of stats, they're not particularly
powerful, but their numbers are overwhelming.
It's almost as if the area is designed
to be impossible to overcome.
So together, they're practically
a massive, invincible boss, huh?
However, with Papa's skill proficiency, it may
be possible to break through momentarily.
You guys,
I'm sorry, but could you put up with
my selfishness one more time?
For some reason, it feels like
we're running out of time.
If it's something I can do, you can count on me.
And that goes for him, too.
Well, Leafa-chan and I are one
in body and soul, after all.
Don't get ahead of yourself!
I'm sorry.
Let's do our best.
Thanks, you two.
I'll take on the guardians.
Staying back and healing me
shouldn't make them target you.
Let's go.
Wow.
But there are too many!
There's no end to them.
Recon!
Right.
Wh-Why are they targeting us?
Their AI probably runs on different
algorithms than other monsters.
In that case, it's meaningless to divide roles.
Wait!
Recon?!
Leafa-chan, I don't really understand,
but this is important, right?
That's right.
It's probably not just a game.
Not now, that is.
I'll do something about it!
R-Recon?
Y-You idiot!
Oh, no.
Recon, that's enough. Run outside!
That's... dark magic.
Self-destruction magic?
The death penalty for that is pretty serious...
You really are an idiot!
No way.
No way... That's too much.
This is...
This is just...
The Sylphs?
Why?
Flying dragons?
The Cait Sith's dragoons?
Sorry we're late.
Sorry!
It took some time to get our gear ready.
Sakuya! Alicia!
Dragoons, breath attack at the ready!
Sylphs, subsequent attack at the ready!
Fire Breath...
Attack!
Fenrir Storm...
Fire!
Thank you!
Thanks to the both of you!
There's no need for thanks.
We're indebted to that Spriggan, after all.
And arming this raid party was only
possible with his huge donation.
All units, charge!
Don't falter!
Push forth!
Sugu!
Watch my back!
Leave it to me.
Follow their lead!
Onii-chan!
Go.
Go, Onii-chan.
Go!
All units, fall back!
We're withdrawing!
Fly.
No matter the distance...
No matter the distance, soar through the skies...
to the core of this world.
Damn it.
What now?
Yui!
Yes, Papa?
Papa, this door isn't locked by a quest flag.
It's under the authority of system administrators.
What do you mean?
In others words, this door was never
intended to be accessible to players!
No, wait.
Wasn't that...
Yui, use this.
Transferring code...
We'll be teleported.
Papa, your hand!
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara
My endless feelings are lost
tomedonai omoi wa
in these ordinary days.
nichijou ni nomarete
They waver and change shape yet again.
yurameki nagara mata katachi wo kaeteitta
I wonder if I'm too late,
imasara mou osoi kana
but there's no answer in sight.
henji mo nai jimonjitou
Every decision is up to me,
subete wa sou jibun shidai
whether it's the beginning or the end.
owari mo hajimari mo
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands.
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
Flying towards the gentle light, I flap my wings.
yasashii hikari wo mezashite habatakuyo
I embrace the passion
kokoro ni tomoshita
that flared up in my heart
jounetsu mo daite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara